{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf840
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green45\blue53;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c17647\c23137\c27059;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 part 1b make sure to change to \
\
print('test r2:', r2_score(calendar_test_available_daygroups['price'], best_model.predict(calendar_test_available_daygroups)))\
\
\
polynomials should be using poly_predictions_test as i edited in my version. check jason did make those changes\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 (23) T Apr 21. Student presentations: Plasticity of visual circuits and how to enhance it\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 Presentations 15 and 16:
\i0 \'a0
\i papers to be listed later\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf2 \'a0\
\'a0\ul (20) R Apr 9.\'a0\'a0 Student presentations: Synapse formation and synaptic specificity\ulnone \

\i Presentations 13 and 14:
\i0 \'a0
\i papers to be listed later
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ul \ulc2 (18) R Apr 2. Student presentations: case studies on visual disorders\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 Presentations 11 and 12: Injury to individual higher visual areas leads to specific visual defects, for example in recognizing words or perceiving colors. Today\'92s class will consist of case studies chosen from articles by Oliver Sacks.\'a0 Examples are: \'93The case of the colorblind painter,\'94 \'93Face Blind,\'94 and \'93Sight Reading.\'94 The student will present the case and then discuss what brain lesions might account for the symptoms
\i0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ul \ulc2 (17) T Mar 31. Student presentations \'ad\'96 higher cortical functions and areas\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 Presentation 9:\'a0Salzman CD, Britten KH, Newsome WT. Cortical microstimulation influences perceptual judgements of motion direction. Nature. 1990;346:174-7.
\i0 \

\i Presentation 10:\'a0Quiroga RQ, Reddy L, Kreiman G, Koch C, Fried I. Invariant visual representation by single neurons in the human brain. Nature. 2005 Jun 23;435(7045):1102-7
\i0 \
\
\
}